She's standing on a floor made of book. Around her, in the same style as Cyra's tower, a circular fort extends up to a large door for ceilings. Balcony on every floor. In a sound not unlike the rigging of hammer, steps are heard on every level, as Selenias step forward to look down at her. They are all slight differences, some wearing her traditional clothing of the exiled lands, other flowing dresses of different color. 

"I'd like to know why you are all alone while I..." she says.

Selenia looks straight ahead. There's a mirror. She's naked. They took my clothes, she thinks to herself. 

"For merely dreaming we were snow!" she swears.

Feeling a strong hand behind her, she hears a male's voice she can't identify. Cyra might ear it as a changing rotation of Aodhan, Bleys, Hyperion, and other she cannot identify. 

"It feels like flying, but maybe we're dying." says the hand. Selenia looks behind her to find no one. She covers her nudity. The stares of thousands fall on her from above. The hand is still behind her, a comfort she doesn't want to feel.

"You're unsure if I am a loose end or a strand." keeps going the males. "That waits for you to mend or understand."

Silence falls as she yells. The ceiling, a large door is closer than ever. There's no more balcony. She looks to herself in the mirror, but Cyra is there in herald's clothes. Her burning white eyes staring at her as she walks forward. 

"A siren sounds, like the goddess who promises endless apologies of paradise, and only she can make it right. So things are different tonight." She pleads, as if the words were as dear to her as her own child. 

There's a break in logic as Cyra walks past the mirror and next to Selenia. The Zamorian watches her go, as she now stands in the mirror. She's getting smaller.

"The stars were made for failling, like melting obel-" starts to say Selenia, in a desperate voice. 

She's awakened by another night terror of Hyperion, that she tries to appease in sleepy tones.
----
Selenia is walking on a dirt road with multiple paths. Around her seasons change in minutes, she seems quite lost as she stumbles and changes direction over roads visibly converging back on themselves.

As several paths extends out, she takes out a big block of cheese from her bag, takes a bite with determination, and throws it in the air. It hover as she stares at it, waiting for it to do something. 

"One light, higher than the sun, invisible to some, until its time." she states, matter of factly. 

The sound of a hurt bull, wearing a toga calls her attention. She stumbles from the paths to go to it, and attend to the pain with pettings. The bull gently bites her hand to drag her away. The cheese starts franctically making cheese noises (a squeaking). 

"Our devotion's deepest ocean, or no division reasoned we'll be free?" considers the Zamorian.

Sounds starts evaporating, not as it disappear, but has it is replace with silence. There's a deeper silence than the absence of sound, and it starts to invade. Selenia falls to her knees, as she raises her head, Cyra in Heralds clothing is standing in front of her. 

She's looking above Selenia, looking directly at the Cyra outside the dream direction. Her mouth move, but no words come out. Her face is hidden by the hood. She points to Selenia, letting out something more like a yell.
----
Clouds in the shape of whips and chains float on by above you in a pale green-blue sky. You are gently rocked by the powerful moving shoulders of the bull carrying you on it's back.

"A part of thee in the key of what we know to be every part without me." Says the bull as violins raises sharp music. The words' pacing is all wrong for him, but the voice is Hyperion's. 

Selenia starts walking forward. The sky is still in front of her, horizontal. Above her, the night sky is falling. She looks at it dreamy. Faster. She gives it a fanciful smile. Crashing with enough force that - Nothing actually happens. It simply cuts.

The Zamorian slowly looks down to a dagger tip coming out of her chest. There is no blood, but she is in quiet, stupified pain. She looks behind her. But it's Cyra now. Cyra got stab, there is blood pooling around the wound as the dagger retracts. A shadow of no body there did the stabbing. 

"Know that only two can make it light." It is Cyra moving her lips, but the voice is Selenia. 
