You left us with such a null...

The words we want to say, they don't come until it's too late, do they?
I know you wouldn't believe me, but I'll say this for free. 
You were beautiful in all the ways that count,
And this is true by multiple accounts.

But not by your harshest critic, you. 
I hope somewhere you knew what we said was true. 

It may not be what you wanted,
I know sometimes you felt haunted,
But you could draw what was in our mind, 
You definitely left so much soul behind. 

We'll remember you in kind.
You were such a rare find. 

Being alive is when you see your life flash before your eyes.
I hope death is when you see your life through other people's eyes.
Maybe then you'd finally understand how amazing you were, my friend.

-----------------------------

A meeting of eager timid smile, separated by a table of vast apprehensible unknown. The silence of not knowing where to begin, but dreaming of endings. Honesty reaps the future, but a lie would stretch unsustained and strained. Better an aon in evening than literal. 

Time's a suggestion in beach velvet, soft and coarse, it slowly speeds through the lights of nights. Orchestral choral drowns the soft vocal, melodious euphonius to smother. 

Walls of Van Gogh give ways to wintry wasted twilight, the warm hum of discourse courses the neon streets. Walking to get lost, but I knew the way.

-----------------------------

The fox and the Owl (the shark and the crows 'cover')

We took our walks on Sundays,
We climbed the highest mountains,
It's like we've seen every part of the planet. 

I said I'd bring you everywhere,
Seems like I kept my promise.
That's what you deserve, my love.

We drew our names in the snow,
Crossed oceans on a sailboat. 
We were two friends that
Never wanted to grow appart.

We've played the most dangerous games,
Enjoyed books through listen, 
Exchanged the blood from our veins.

We had been on our knees,
We've drunk the strongest whiskeys,
We've lived much more than we expected to live. 

Sure, things could have been better.
We've lost friends forever,
And we never had luck with children.

We were friends by the river,
We celebrate life together.
Something tells me that I won't live much longer.
We've seen the stars, and the smoke.
We've been the fox and the owl.
That's why I miss you, you know?

----

What we want to say

Desolate and scarred, lost without a north, fallen through the crack. 
Damaged goods meeting angry rose, gentle with tongue so thorn. 
A shoulder to lean, a place to stay, set the scene.
Under your wing I flew. Under your care I push through. 

Feelings dies in language,
We can only share the damage,
Within an embrace, discussion is unneeded. 
All I ever wanted is all you've ever needed.

Silently trying to say,
What we want to say,
Without having to say.

------

Face with Scars 

Your knife-edged betrayal, disfigured this figure. 
Trench etched in blood scarlet to obscure the pure.
I can't complain, for you it's so small.
You taught me how to talk, how to walk -now- to fall.

Just your doll a puppet with no will at all. 
A slashed hacked gashed trashed figurine. 
The rag of your spill cleaning up before curtain's call.
A veil of such scars just to set the scene.

Couldn't resist making your pièce de résistance,
You sculpted me with such insistence,
But I no longer need your assistance.
I am my own gem, my own existence. 

------

Come Home
As initiate light swims timid acrossed heavy windows, an arm extend to grievously rediscover expected emptiness. Nails angrily dig into the absence of form, a rebellion embarked against unfortunate truth. Such solitary coldness still sends your breath in quivering frigid shock, but by some twisted fuckery it gets easier. You slowly lift doors to hopeful vision, missing still is evident invisible grand prize. Recompensed of misty orbs chased away - would they be an offering enough. But you can only heavily sigh in deep silence. Each day commences maskless in the privacy of secluded confined oneness. 

You hate the facade smile your visage welcomes. The entrance raises its curtain on the farce you've hidden too deep to present outward anymore. You peek in flowing hope, crescendo of desire, to find the dry wasteland arid and devoid of wants. Nothings is different, no more unique than the day before. You find your single throne, your lonely window to the outside. Time passes as quick eternity, wasted refuse of lost treasure. What could have, should have, and would have? You read these questions again and again, it's better to be misplaced adrift, disoriented in place than be without him. 

When do they finally come back home?

------

Exhaustion, Distress and Restlessness
Feebled eyes rises expended to new mass of sand dunes defying your crestfallen disheartened bones insubmissive. Debilitating lassitude collapses in your fatigue lungs, consuming what insufficient breath may yet wind up there. Limbs tremble harshly in hostility to carry, resisting any further request to climb any farther. the lazy desire to express themselves. The remaining body now a lethargic gear grinded to apathetic dullness, wearily hoping to reach comatose nooks of resistance but finding only expected absence, familiar disappointement. 

The sand shifts and burns at your engulfing unmovable feet. You sink deeper into the flaming liquid rocks. You  abandon all aching ambition apace from anguished misery mixed melancholy in swarming grief. Your body is barely your own anymore, it dreams of the smallest movement. But dreams are not enough. Darkness becomes consummately impatient as you drown thoroughly. Breathing is an impossible concept you've not witnessed in years.  Panic sets in with this realisation. But panic is more than enough.

Jittery insomnia awakens all unrestful bustle that fermented deep within. The intensity of action ignites such starlit sun, the urgency emergency of movement an impossibility to resist. The mere suggestion of questioning this explosive outburst blasts shockwave of denial. You awake cascading out of the sand, glaring at the puny dunes in your path. Wondering why you ever felt any concerned. 

------

Longing, Desire, Rage by Selenia
Thicket of past destiny flash wildly around yourself as crawling legs fight the aphotic swamp. The out of hand-reach lights sail shine the beauty of nostalgia, the unique delicacy of time lost adrift now behind you like forgotten dreams. Distressing in movement, locked knees sinking as your gaze aims backward. 

Your heart twist from inside the outside, but inside and out. How unfair the fairness of it all. The complete inequality of desire, left to be desired. Silence burns thicker than fire. Hate grows from nothing for sudden everything.

A quiet rage, bubbling under the quagmire. A pristine zeroed noise, beyond the potential of any other sound, chased away by the loudness intensity speechless. The noise of quiet echoes destroying all. An unheard commotion roaring away all reality. A ringing of absence simply remains - lost in translation. 

------

Ocean of Betrayal by Selenia
Swirling raining pain torrent itself on crouched bundled misty eyes deluged me. To feel so personaly alone, so untrustworthy companionless. Only me and my vacuity in the crying ocean of tears, a solitary beach of woeful velvet gripped by unaided forsaken lonesome. From counting raindrops to getting taken by the waves. Are words from strangers all it takes? 

A growing echoing nothing sprouts the chasmal abyss from a newly formed pit down my sunken throat. Emptiness so vastly vacant, so unlimitedly unfilled, it is more than the lack of substance. It is concreteness in weighted void. A growing fissure, a hole where the heart should be. It multiplies with unshed tears, flourishing with unsaid words, thriving under lack of expressing. 

And then you are only the abysm, the gorging gorge of grief, a gulf of gloominess growing giant. So large you cannot hold it, or let it go. Collapsing on yourself, turning inward to the unfeeling sensation of feeling unparalleled, sinking into oceans of depths through depressed declines. Crushed downcast descending downwards into darkness so dark one forgets the sound of light. When will I finally touch the seabed?

----

That Moment by Selenia
Colluding complicity meeting in an intrusive look. Silver-tongued silence talks in tactile movements. Thundering hearts echoes in vast small distance. Frightening exhiliration feeling wonderful fears. Closing meaningful expanse with skin-touched desired. Melting glaciers meet in hungry embrace. Craving layers fall yearningly in rushing soft-clothed voraciousness. Exposed shyness humbled by blushing confidence. 

Biting breath joins dancing speech in-depth. Matched languished anatomy discover deep personal connections. Grasping grip hold and explore hook in excess extremity. Silicitous souls eagerly touches earnest essence fervently. Mutual intimity tenderly penetrates affections. An abundant trust thrust itself lavishly. Candid velocity intuitively floods voluntarily increasingly swiftly. Moaning pleasure richly sing its all consuming feelings. Crescending love upsurge surges to ascending climax peaking the zenith as it crest the pinnacle of culmination. 

----

Transported by Selenia
Awaken from deep sleeping by the hollow sensation of own guts gently getting ripped out, a dull pull toward every singular direction simultaneously. Spinning as if standing still, there's a thrumming sound just outside your stirred consciousness. Like noiseless winds surging past your face without piercing by flowing through, without awareness to perceiving responsiveness.

You'd be fear-stricken if you were but further aware, you'd be forever blind if your gaze could stare at any vision ovserved by hostaged optics. An annoyed delight to never experience it's knowing dynamic.

The reverie leads to cold reality as if by omission. The delusion makes room for solid burning desert. A memory forgotten, a nightmare no better than what's being dreamed.

Transported in a painful, unfeeling kind of way. Afraid to know and dying to. 
