Escape Embrace by Selenia
They escaped the ambush at horseback, hearing behind them the sounds of a losing battle echo across the sunset desert. Milak had known the fight was over the moment it started, and freed his beast to escape. On the path, he managed to pickup Lady Demester by chance.

She struggled, thinking herself kidnapped at first but his soft words and tender hands calmed her quickly. They came to a stop much further, as the sun finally disappeared on the horizon and the cold set in. He noticed a good amount of provision on the horse, but no tent or bedding. 

She wasn't yet elated to share heat with the man, but they would both need each other to survivre the night. They settled in the sand, awkward at first as their bodies aimed for a congenial position. The Lady was more amiable than Malik had expected, and she found him more pleasing than she had hope. 

As the cold kept descending, hands started being less mild-mannered and more convivial. Their anatomy shivered at the exploratory contact. The couple's eyes locked for a moment, they could still see the adrenaline of the escape, burning widly. 

As the man's leg shifted around her, she felt his firm sword rub on her tigh, looking for outlet to slit into. "You should take of your belt," she said in a soft whisper, the warm air caressing his neck. "I wouldn't want your tool penetrating me all night." He undid the strings, reveiling the implement. "Not all night," he murmured as his beard grazed her ear.

He was away for simply a moment, a moment she took to loosen her clothing in the rising heat. She softly gasped as he took his place back on top of her. She could now feel every part of his body melting into her. Her legs clasped aroung his waist, reveling in the cold wind as they shared a joyous sigh in the prison of torride delight happening between them. 

She felt the full weight of him in the deepest part of her as he thrusted himself forward. She was leaning with him, escaping the assault of the sandy wind by burying her face in his strong neck. Gasps and groans escaped their embraced in the bare night, sweat mixing between the two of them in their dance under moonlight. 

Time seemed to sit still but the morning rose all the same. A last lament escaped their throat in unison, as they had to part. They'd have to share a couple more nights before the end of the journey...
----
Castle on the Mountain by Selenia
It was the middle of the night, when the inexperienced, youthful guest of the Castle in the Mountain, Selteena, was woken up by the sound of a bell. It wasn't usually a surprising one, the master of the estate, Hyprobion, would often use it to call for his servant's assistance late in the night. But on this particular one, he was out for business to the land of Borgia. As his total opposite, the mistress Sinra, was perfectly capable of fulfilling her own desires. But the curious budding tenant went up to the stairs to see the lady of the house.  

As she made her way upward, to more exquisitely decorated quarters, she started hearing a feminine voice in discussion. Bottles of wine and rum would make one think a whole party had come and gone, but there was only one glass. Sinra was lying on her couch, her own shadow given physical form hugging her from behind. Her dress was sticking to her sweaty skin, like she had just gone for a dive. She would let out a pleasing laugh, as she and her shadow squeezed themselves close, hands rubbing on nearly exposed skin, grabbing at flesh with tenderness. Selteena was very excited to learn more of this interesting scene unfolding in front of her intrusive eyes. The bell had not been called as much as fallen, while the singular couple wrestled for the most affectionate of touches, all the while letting out sigh after sigh of pure joy.

But all the action stopped when the Mistress, and her shadow, both spotted the timid spy. At least two sly smiles made their appearance, as she was beckon closer to join the menage. Fancy dresses were sometimes hard to remove themselves, but the fine, precise fingers of Selteena had no trouble finding the right spot to touch, under her lady's gaze. But the new lodger's cheek only really took to red when she found herself given the same service. In a hot breath, she was pulled forcibly, but not against her desire, into the steaming bath. The curious guest received royal treatment from expert hands. There wasn't much soap, but they knew where to rub to give her pleasure. She heard the pleasing moan again, this time coming from her own throat. She felt herself becoming alive, shivering in the heat, between the soft embrace of the shadow, and the firm massage of the Mistress. 

Sinra never had such a docile toy, and she was determined to give, and receive discipline from the chaste resident. Armed and armored only by her desire to fulfill her master's craving, she let the flow of intimate hands and blossoming bodies move her. They were many moans heard that night, the two women were now tied by an object between them, that they'd never want to let go and yet... They were certainly trying to escape from it, their hips moving in a come-and-go pattern as it slides between their wetness. 

In the cold night air of the north, in baths warmed by a volcano, a symphony of crescendo echoed from their voice. In a dreamy state, as the hot fog filled their senses, as sweat was shared, and bodies tied as one by the lips, the hips, the ladies were each sharing and fulfilling their own fantasy. This could have gone one forever, but the clear sound of a bell made its way to softly bitten ears, and at the doorway of the bath, stood Hyprobion...
