The Prison Cat by Selenia
~In memory of Bleys and Sybille, my nice Mice~

There once was a king, and a queen. They governed a small kingdom in a large prison cell. It was all they could ever wanted between 4 walls. It should be said, that although small, this cell was lushed with resources. One could find anything they ever wanted, should they look hard enough. Of course, some people prefered to look for an escape. That was probably the only thing one couldn't quite find. 

One day, a Cockroach approached the King's court, and warned them of a menace. The Cat. Now, the king and queen knew the Cat very well. They'd often scritched its back and got scritched right back. But they did not know the Cockroach... and frankly, who would want to? And so they sent it out. It went out with dignity, for it knew that it was a strong insect, capable of surviving in the worst conditions. But it was, in the end, no match for the Cat. 

Weeks pass, and the Cat would still visit the King and Queen's domain, take in some of their food, and wines. Frankly, they were quite happy without seeing the Cockroach around. But as the Cat slept, the nice Mice sneaked in to speak with the Queen. The Cat will eat us all as well they claimed. But the Queen didn't believe it, after all, the Cat was eating their food. And there was so much more to find around. Why would it bother with the nice Mice? But that was the last time they ever saw the nice Mice.

It's not like they had any real problem with the Cat, but they quite liked to nice Mice. So when the scary Dog came to visit, they asked it, could you take care of the Cat for us? The Dog had known of the Cockroach, and the nice Mice. But even the Dog did not want to help. He wasn't scared of the Cat, but this was not his fight. This was their Cat problem. They resolve to deal with it themselves, for if not even the scary Dog would help, who could?

The next time the animal came around, they had the wine poisoned. The Cat dranked it all, and got woozy. The king and queen went for his side with their daggers but... It was still not enough. The Cat had gotten too large, too fat. Stab it as they might, they could not breach its skin. When the Cat finally woke up from all the jabbing, and ate them. And then the Cat killed the Dog as well. He feasted on his success for weeks. 

Then the Cat was alone. The prison still had everything one could ever want, should they look hard enough. But the Cat was not one to look hard enough. The lush forestry, the fields of food... Everything perished, without all the other beings there to feed it. The Cat started looking for an escape, the one thing that should have been impossible to find... but as with all things one find, it is always the last thing someone finds. The Cat started eating itself. 
The End.

----------------

The sound of knocking wakes me up in a shiver. My hyper alerted mind raced with sudden possibilities in a gasp. Thunder echoed in the rain outside. Was it only the storm, trees banging on windows? No, still the knocking went on and on, coming from the door downstairs. Who would be outside in such a tempest? Who could be? The cold bites as soon I stand up to sit on the side of the bed, hair and skin raised while the wood shook and groaned. "There's someone at the door," I whispered, shaking my husband to wake him up. "Mhm," he replies with. Could it be the neighbor? Are they in trouble? I find my coat, blindly reaching in the darkness, helped only by crashing lightning. 

Rain on the ceiling accompanies my steps to the stairs. Leaves rushing through the wind join the moaning steps as I look toward the front door. As lightning strikes, I see a shadow under the door. The knocking hasn't stopped, it's only gotten louder. It's all I can hear as I reach it. The doorhandle rattles even before my hand extend to it. I hold back. Do I want to open this door? Who would even be outside at a time like this? I should get my husband at least, drag him if I have to. I look back and I see his shape above the steps. He's nodding his head, going down the stairs slowly.

As my hand settle on the doorknob, it stops shaking. The knocking stops. The wooden floor is wet around the door. I realized I've been holding my breath. I open the door quickly. It's my husband, drenched from head to toes. "WE’RE NOT ALONE,” he yells in a panic, trying to drag me away. I resist in stunned confusion. My husband was upstairs? The footsteps on the steps accelerate as he comes down the stairs. Scared thoughts provide too slow of a reaction. I glance back just in time to see a glinting blade, and a crazed smile spreading on twisted lips as it penetrates my eye.

----------------

After climbing the last of the mountain, hands shaking, the hero took a moment to catch his breath and thank the earth for existing beneath his feet. Then he crawl the next few feet in the chalk to sit in front of the time reader, the sage who knew the future. He didn't feel like he had time for hellos or pleasantries. There was nothing pleasant about getting here, or what he was likely to hear. "So, you know why I'm here?"

"Yes," said the older man simply. He had a quiet voice, like a parent talking to a child. He wore some thick clothes, but he was only a thin build. Our hero wondered for a moment how such a man survived in the wilds. Or how he got up here? But how much movement does one need to do, when they know the exact result of them.

"And you know what I'll ask?" he inquired, wondering why the old man wouldn't just answer every question before they were asked. It's what he would do. 

"Of course."

"And yet, you'll make my ask," pressed the hero, almost more preoccupied by this exercise in futility than the very real menace of a greater, world swallowing, evil.

"How else could I know?" responded the old man, almost cracking a smile, but keeping the amusement out of his voice for now. 

"You can see the future!" After all he had endured, this was striking some nerves. I command as much respect as he does, if not more. He could solve all of this if he wanted, he would know how to. 

"I can also see the past and the present." He smiles fully now, reveling in this little joke he concocted. 

"Look here fu-"

"But before you get angry," he continued, in a quiet tone, hardly keeping the amusement out of it. "Seeing the future, is making it true. If what I say will happen, happens, then I've made it happen, in a sense. Does that make sense?" The seer raised an eyebrow, asking more questions he knew the answer to. 

"That's assuming I accept your view that time is linear, and can't be changed. The future may have endless options, how would you know which one it is?"

The reader clapped his hands together. "Finally, a wise man. Well, if it has endless options, it has endless me saying all of them."

"Why would it need one of you?" 

"Nothing can exist unless it is observed. If no one sees the future, it wouldn't exist. Time would stop. Or maybe someone else would see in my stead? If there is one thing I do not know, it is what will happen after I die." The seer put his hand on his knee, letting the man come to term with some deep idea that likely wouldn't take root. 

The hero was quiet for a moment, contemplating the words. Which was quite easy to do here. It had a calm and quiet that nature seldom did. He took in a deep breath. He had to ask, he wouldn't be able to explain why he hadn't. There had been too much sacrifice already. "Do I defeat the great evil?"

"Not as far as I can see," answered the sage, cocking his head. "But so long as men die, evil will perish in time."

The hero stood up, helping himself with his sheath, dusting the chalk off his clothes. "Time I do not have." The sage bent his neck forward, just the hero took out his sword. "No final word, no defense? You saw this coming all this time?"

"I will die, but I will not end. For you time marches only forward. But I am still in the past. The true curse of my existence, is that I will never know nostalgia." He seemed more saddened at that fact than his upcoming beheading. "Did you know, nostalgia, it is the great equalizer between joy and sadness?" The hero cut the man's head before he could fully absorb those words. Patience was not one of his strong point. 

Chaos was better than planned success, or so he hoped. And heroes are nothing if not hopeful.

-----------------------------

Nhialte was a wood elf, but born in the city. He was still young, and had yet to go out of it. His parents had passed some time ago, and he'd learned the hard way how to live in the streets. He'd also learned he preferred to live in the sewers. There was something familiar about vermin, the not quite darkness, sunlight streaming through grates above him. The smell of life, untainted by excess hygiene. To him, that was nature. 

That's because Nhialte had never actually stepped into a forest. 

He'd learn later, after being honest with himself, that was because he was scared of it. It held too much expectation of him, and he of it. It was in his gene, or it should be. But was it? What he got lost, came upon some large beasts that wouldn't listen to him, that wouldn't understand his smell? He stared at it now, hands shaking. He dared not look behind him, at the Harper waiting expectedly. This was a trial - and he already assumed he had failed. 

He'd been obsessed with Harpers since they saved his life, and nearly saved his family. They made a difference, and he wanted to make one too. Now the forest held a clue, a monster he had been expected to chase. It was fortunately all make believe, for the still young Nhialte. As far as humans went he was an adult in his 30s, but to another elf, to the Harper behind him, he was just a teenager. With a flick of his teacher's wrist, an illusion appeared in the darkness. Yellow eyes looking at him, judging him. He flinched, and rose to back away. 

They'd been standing there for nearly an hour. "I can do this," said Nhialte with a crackling voice, looking back at his teacher. He'd already dealt with worse than wolves in his sewers. He'd had scarier nights, and yet... This fear came from inside of him. 

The Harper shook his head. "Hesitation, fear, excuses... It's just a forest, you know?" He sounded disappointed, and he looked the part. Nhialte couldn't stand it and stared back at the forest. "You found all the other clues I laid for you. You now can track it back to its lair. Kill it while it sleeps. I know you could. But you won't."

"It's because you're looking at me!" yelled Nhialte, surprising even himself. He felt rage at the truth. His fear finally finding a way to get channeled outward, toward whatever it could lash at. "If it was real-"

"You'd still hesitate." said the Harper quietly. A soft spoken harsh truth that left an imprit on the young elf's heart, now and for years later.

"No I'd ..." started Nhialte, before hearing the footstep of the Harper, leaving. His fight left just as quickly. An elf scared of the forest... what a joke he was. He felt the sobbing making its way up his throat, and decided to use it as resistance, as strength to do what he hadn't been able to, to go into the forest and ... A wolf howled in the night. 

Nhialte fled, back to the city, to the light, to the echoing quietness of his sewers.

-----------------------------

She woke up, not sure where she was. Someone was rushing over to help her, which meant leaning her back on the table. "You're gonna be dizzy from the memory wipe, alright? Just take it easy for 5 minutes, ma'am." 

"What did I forget? Did I do this to myself? What happened?"

"You know I can't answer that." He was a young mind-mechanic, with a full smile that seemed genuine. His tone was near laughing, like I was pulling his chain or testing him.

I've never done this before what... possessed me to do this? "I'll pay you to make me remember, how about that?" 

He paused for a moment, losing his rich smile. "We have to live through people's memories when we wipe them, you know? You'll have to find someone else. I ain't going through it again." He made it sound like a threat. 

"What happened to me, what..."

He raised a hand to stop me. "It's something you did, ma'am."

And then he left, trying to hide the disgust from his face with his smile.

------------------------------

Albert removed his glasses, making sure they hadn't been hacked. Another eaten body? It wasn't killed for that reason, but some kind of scavenger had sneaked in to eat half of it. Again. It couldn't be a beast, not in the heart of the city. Not through the hotel security. Not on the 24th floor. They weren't even close to the roof. What were they close to? He was channeling through his eyes, checking all the spectrum, pupils changing colors with the different modes. 

This was a crime without suspect. A closed room case. His boss had told him to drop it - they were probably involved in the cover up. He checked his jacket, cigarette carton almost empty. He didn't have enough drugs for this shit. He'd have some back at his desk, time to drown yourself in the paperwork no one else did, Albert. His still cycling eyes spotted it when he started taking the stairs. Some blood. A quick timeline analysis for it matched with the victim. What the fuck likes to eat a 5 days old body and walk around a hotel room looking normal? Something with bad breath.

He disabled his scent blockers, and was assaulted by it. Made him gag, made him... just a little bit numb. His body released anti-toxins, neutralizing what it reported as a paralytic agent. Ghasts do that. But ghasts aren't that smart, are they? They're vermin, hanging out in the sewers with fucked up faces. His eyes finished registering the blood trail, drawing visible lines in his display. It went up. Time to give these metal legs a workout. 

He reached the roof, not even out of breath. You started to miss the pain, he mused on the way up, the exertion, when everything was enhance. You somehow didn't feel in shape, but could still lift a truck. It was unnatural, but then again, it was supposed to be, wasn't it? Trail ends on the edge, and there's a figure there. A new warning for paralytic came up in the corner of his eyes. 
.
"It's about time you found me, detective." Said the figure. It had an accent, an amused but polite tone. "I am Grigori." At first glance, it looked like a drug addict. Not too different from the types you'd see in the low city. If no one had scent blocker, the odor would slap you in the face. But even that could be brushed aside, a bunch of vagrant had smells. No it was that second glance that was eye opening. The totally black eyes, the hands more like claws. 

"What you are is under arrest. Not sure why yet, but pretty sure that's gonna be easy to figure out." He really needed to deal with this under some smoke-infused dopamine stick. Plenty of those at the station while he figured all this out. But Grigori produced a pack of it, as the detective approached carefully. 

"I'm sure you would like to know how I find these crime scene, yes?" It had a smile with too many teeth, like the mouth of a shark. "And I am also sure, that you would not have time to question me in your cells before I would be taken away." 

It had a knowing grin. Like it knew where the conversation was going to go. Albert hated it. Those totally black eyes just piercing in his soul. Not totally black he finally noticed, there was something in the back of it. A little bit of a light. Never noted that out in other ghasts. "Sounds like something we'd both hate. So why don't you just tell me, death mouth?" 

The ghast's eye tic. Didn't like my cute nickname, did he? "I hacked your partner's broadcast. I'm just following five days behind him." Where had Rud been five days ago? Can I even remember? Actually... why can't I remember? "It was easy, yes? I just had to ride through the trojan he installed in your OS." God I could punch that grin of his. But I could punch Rud so much harder, I could punch him off a building. This building if he had been around. Where is he? I'm sure he told me. But I can't remember.

There's too many question right now, and I just got to say something to this bastards...

"Why?"

"Well, it's not like it was his idea..." He paused for dramatic effect, but quickly realized I wasn't gonna let him enjoy himself when I pulled out my gun. He visibly deflated. "He is responsible for my meals at this time... Should I help you, I'll need you to provide for me, yes?" Thank you for getting straight to business you Dracula-wannabe...

"I can't trust my partner, but you want me to trust your scavenging ass?"

"I'd rather obtain my meals from more willing subjects. The murdered leave a poor taste of vengeance in my mouth." It waited expectantly, a hungry look in its eyes. 

Albert put the gun away. He was already working for monsters. At least this one looked honest about it. 

------------------------------

Baron Maex noticed the fakers almost immediately. It's not that they were bad at it, he had just been at the wrong place at the right time. He'd spotted their faces before, stealing from, well, him. 

But dressed up in gowns and suits they fitted in very well. Someone must have been training them on etiquette. If he scanned the ballroom enough he'd certainly spot which noble was looking nervously at them. 

Is this an investment worth taking? The lord had been struggling lately. Few people knew just how much but he did. It was obvious the steam farms were having issues. The worker's rebellion was getting bigger and bigger, like a ball rolled down the hill. The king has been the one to form it and push it... but he could step out of the way rather easily. 

He handled food and transportation. Things neither king nor rebellions could live without. It's not like he didn't have workers, and it's not like they weren't getting embolden. He spotted Count Marcus, eyes shifting behind his ballroom mask. There's the rat. 

He could see the numbers scroll in front of his eyes. How much would it cost him, though? Would a revolution really help his profits? He could pay his worker better, invest in better conditions... But all that is expensive. His son had been talking about strange ideas of better performance with workers autonomy...

His son. For a moment, the numbers went away. He remembered a time past, a young boy looking up to his father. Of course he had to grow up some time, he was just being rebellious right now. A phase. But how long would he be able to stomach that phase? When will he be able to talk to his son again, without yelling? Was there a price to that, he wondered.

It's with a sigh that the Baron made his way toward the Count, making a much too friendly gesture by putting an arm around his shoulder. He jumped. "Those two over there... protégé of yours? I can just tell." He could feel the man sweat. The next words were whispered in his ear. "Let me know if they ever need to get some transportation, yes? I'm sure I can spare some food trucks for you. My Good Old Friend." They weren't, he couldn't, but he would. Time may be money, but you couldn't buy more time with it.

------------------------------

Agnes was infected, cursed if you prefer, by a vampire's bite. Her people being so closed to dreams, she needed not blood to feed that new growing and infinite hunger, but dreams. 

But sadly, her people being so closed to dreams... She became a nightmare to them. A predator that not even bloodsucking monster could be. She tried to hide, it worked for a while, but then she was captured. She waits in prison now, defending herself to the king outside the jail.

For Xuthal, king meant judge. They hardly ruled, not truly. But they took the decisions that no one else wanted to.

"I've done nothing wrong. No one died, no one was truly hurt." There was some truth to her defense. Is a bad night such a bad thing? They can get more sleep. 

"You're not in trouble for what you did, but for how you acted."

"Speaking in riddles even now. What's different between my actions and how I acted?"

"What you were doing was evil. Evil is treating other people as things, which is what you did."The king always spoke with a 'as a matter of fact' voice. It was hard to call him out on it, cause he was often quoting facts. But this felt like an excuse. 

"So I should have told everyone I was a monster now, and I'd need to drain them night after night? You think that would have gone better?" She grinned at the ridiculousness of the idea. Of monsters finding willing victims.

"Yes, that's exactly what you should have done. That would have been right, and I'd have allowed that. But you treated them like food. I can't go around letting people think other people are tools. Where does it end?" There was sadness trailing his voice. This was hard for him, just as it was hard for her. They could have compared who had it hardest, but it hardly mattered after a point.

"I'm almost positive there's more nuance than that... Some greyness to it all, no?" It just couldn't be that simple, could it?

The king took in a breath of his pipe, smoking the black lotus into the cage that held Agnes. "No, it's quite simple. That's all there is to it. You should have known that, dear. That poison in your vein... Maybe it's in your head too. You used to know that."He left after that. You could only speak to loved ones that way for so long.

The poison had been fear. She still felt it, as her life was about to end. Of course that fear saved her in the end, allowed her to run away... but those words stuck to her mind across the years. It was a simple truth - the most horrid kind to imagine. You'd hope being a good person was a complicated thing, that there would be excuses.

------------------------------

Agnes glanced at her home, Xuthal, for the first time in many century. She had longed for it in a way that was hard for words to replicate. There was a sort of love, and hate, and fear, mixing together in terrified excited joyful whirlwind that made you want to stare at it from a distance, to admire its destructiveness from afar rather than stand safely in its eye. 

She had been banished long ago. But there's always room for forgiveness in eternity. She returns now with the power to change things, to fix the few mistakes of this utopia that had left her behind. She took in a deep breath, thinking about standing, to go through the last bit of oasis to her destination. But something held her back. 

It was fear. It's been a while since she had felt any. Life was too short for it, she'd usually rephrase it as excitement. Hunger for the unexpected. Agnes was one to savor life and death situation. Easier when death wasn't much of a possibility, to be fair. She was almost drowned by the feeling, the terror of: what if she was rejected again? 

Doubts assaulted her like waves, dragging her into icy depth of uncertainty. She stopped breathing, feeling overwhelmed by an ocean of insecurity. Is this what everyone else felt? She doesn't know how long she stood still, unblinking, her stare like a hungry galaxy now strangely afraid of taking a bite out of the horizon. Eventually, she felt a hand on her shoulder. 

She grinned. She let all the feelings flow through her. She could almost feel them congregate in her chest, becoming a knot, tightening around her heart. She could feel it like a cage strangling, stretching itself around her throat, before breathing it all out. She almost forgot, you don't fight the pain. What you resist will simply persist. No you had to welcome it in, and give it a hug and a kiss. You love it tenderly, intimately, until it loved you back. 

She started the slow walk toward home. Not because she was scared of it, but simply because there wasn't any hurry. Whatever would end up happening, it too would pass.

-------------------------------

Grigori dropped down from the roof into the alleyway. It smelled delicious, at least to him. The buzzing of the fly migrated away as he identified his supper. The ghoul was always on the lookout for an impromptu meal.

He took a chunk out of the hand, noticing the missing fingers as he did. A shame. The tattoo was noticed mid-chew. A very badly made rune, the equator was all wrong. Someone wasn't used to making them on malleable flesh, clearly. It looks like he tried to make it himself, while missing several fingers. 

He traced what it should have been with a claw, as he bit off more of the hand. The rune sprang to life, and so did the man. His chest lifted like he got punched in the back, the wound closing with a sizzle. Resurrections runes weren't strictly legal, but it was always better than being dead.

Then, there was the screaming. A revolving array of emotions like he wasn't sure which one to feel yet. I took the opportunity to empty his pocket before he started crawling away with a hand and a stump. "You're welcome," I said, emptying the most expensive bits of paper from his wallet before standing up. Maybe I'll get a bed somewhere they don't mind the smell.

---------------------------------

Grigori was a forgotten man. If a ghoul could still call themselves man. He'd been a brilliant, smart child. He'd thrown it all away for fame, to become immortal. All he had left was this hunger, this starving. The faces, the presence of all the bodies he'd eaten judging him. Sometimes even talking back. 

He hated this semblance of life he was leading. He had too much morality to justify his feedings. He'd go crazy if it wasn't for that one thing. That one ray of light that still fueled the flickering embers in his eyes. 

He was saving those poor souls. 

This was something he had decided. He didn't know if it was true. He'd rather not focus on what was real or not. It felt real. The dead were leaving behind all that they were, all that they knew, and could be. But through his mouth, teeth and stomach, they would live forever. He was honoring those remains, giving them new life, with him. If only they could understand.

He had started to tinker with the idea that some people may need to be saved before they died. That was the danger with needing to believe, it could eventually forgive murder, or worse.

---------------------------------

He looked composed, still. Sure, he was a bit more charred than when he came in. His suit would need some hours of mending after all this. He still felt the spider webs in his hair. But Zvhy looked calm, and that's what mattered most. Perception was everything. The chest in front of him was clearly trapped, no one would put their valuable on a raised platform in the middle of a hidden room, unless they were planning to kill whoever opened it. But he was desperate.

A series of small bad luck had left him in debt to more than a few adventurer. His plan of retiring has a merchant had not gone... as planned. He had to pay back someone in town, he knew he couldn't get away from that obligation... or rather from the man above ground. It was never good to be indebted to the bounty hunter himself. 

He fixed up his clothes, his hat. Better to die by his own hands, while he still retained some prestige. He stepped next to the chest, and lifted the lid.

---------------------------------

The vagrant known as Grigory rested in an abandoned alleyway, next to a dumpster. The buzzing of neon growing louder and louder as night started its descent. He smelled like a cocktail of death and rot, his white skin covered by tattered clothing that once looked beautiful. He clawed at an elongated teeth. He opened his eyes, burnt out embers that shone in the darkness. The hunger was getting too much again. "Just shut up..." He said to visions of his parents that weren't there, while he staggered back to his feet. They were always judging him, as if he had a choice.

He spent the night hunting. Not for someone to kill, but for the recently dead. The idea of murder made him want to vomit, but the taste of the product was too hard to resist. Eventually he caught the smell. The window was locked, but he could see the runes on it, child's play. He scratched the key onto the glass, and entered the abode. It was a small apartment, dusty, neglected. He came upon the body in one turn. Next to alchemist table, head exploded by what smelled like a poor man's attempt at explosive. 

He didn't even take time to check the rest of the house, to make sure he was truly alone, before crouching next to the body and starting his feast. He never could feel alone anymore, there was always judging stares around him. He could hear his father telling him to stop, nearly spitting in rage as he yelled. He was trying to pull him off now, while he tattooed the technomancy runes on himself, powering the subtle machinery embedded in his skin. Didn't he understand this would make him immortal? He could hear his mother quietly sobbing in a corner - she could never do anything else back then. Now he could hear her hard stare, smelled the contempt in her tightened jaw. What hurt the worse is they had been right. He hadn't known what he was doing. It's why he felt soulless now, a vehicle for hunger without end, which keeps him alive for an infinity of suffering. But he would fix it, he woul-

He felt an actual tug, pulling him out of reverie. He blinked, a child was trying to pull him off the body of the headless man. Further back, a woman was crying. Next to her the ghostly shades of his parents, judging him still - like he could help it. And forming around the woman, a headless man, his ephemeral form trying to console her. Grigory's meal always became a part of him. Passengers on the express train to tormenting him. He shoved the kid back, and kept eating. Feeling more and more eyes on him. 

The buzzing form of past meals were gathering around him now, like a choir of neon lights. It was spoiling his meal. He let out a frustrated sigh, sounding more like a scream. The mother pulled her kid close. He turned back toward them, a wall of bodies, ghostly images like static in front of him. The buzzing of regret was drowning the silence and the fear. "He loved you, you know. I can tell. I can hear him say it." And with that, he was suddenly gone into the night, preferring to imagine the response to his lie rather than see it. He was still hungry, he always would be. But the ghosts were quiet for a little bit.

---------------------------------

He shouldn't have played at being the hero. Now he wasn't only robbed, but also stabbed. He was still holding a hand clamped over the wound, as tightly and as coldly as he could. One singular thought keeping him upright as he was making his mile long walk along the trail back to civilization: "I can't die before her, I can't inflict this pain on her, I've got to survive. I need to do this, for mom."

---------------------------------

He caws from his branch. He'd always liked being the crow. People respect them. He rarely had that as a Lord. Mostly he had fear, he had adventurers walking through his lands, trying to vanquish him - an utter lack of respect. Who were they to know better? Sure, he was harsh. He had to be, this was the marsh. You couldn't be soft on them. But he was fair. Everyone was equally mistreated. 

He was following them now, these 'noble' heroes. He already had to help them along. It would be too boring to fight them now. They needed to be at a sweet spot. A moment where they thought they had a chance. He'd have to watch them from up close. 

~ Much Later ~

The sword of light stabbed him in the heart. He gripped it hard. He had wanted to lose, but he didn't make it easy on them. They had been hardened. He had been their smith, crafting them into his perfect opponent - an image of himself. And he was proud of his work. But he could see the doubt in their posture. Could it truly be over? Well, might as well put them at ease. 

"I have no more tricks..." If anything they were even more cautious of such a claim, he did teach them well. "But you should know..." The sword twisted harshly, trying to free itself. "I was the crow, all along." The last image he saw, their confused sadness at knowing they murdered an old friend, was all he had hoped for.
